Update README files (#1591)
LiskHQ/lisk-service: services/market/README.md

# Lisk Service Market

> The Market service allows price data retrieval. It supports multiple sources to keep the current Lisk token price up-to-date and available to the clients in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Market service allows price data retrieval. It supports multiple sources to keep the current Lisk token price up-to-date and available to the clients in real-time.
```

> > Note that this installation instruction is required only for development activities. For a regular Lisk Service user the official [documentation](https://lisk.com/documentation/lisk-service/) is sufficient to run their instance. The global readme file present in the root directory describes running all microservices at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that this installation instruction is required only for development activities. For a regular Lisk Service user the official [documentation](https://lisk.com/documentation/lisk-service/) is sufficient to run an instance. The global readme file present in the root directory describes running all the microservices simultaneously.
```

## Configuration

> To configure the different microservices, there are several environment variables, the user can define to customize the configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the different microservices, there are several environment variables the user can define to customize the configurations.
```

A list of the most commonly used environment variables is presented below:

> - `SERVICE_BROKER`: URL of the microservice message broker (NATS or Redis)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SERVICE_BROKER`: URL of the microservice message broker (NATS or Redis).
```

> - `SERVICE_MARKET_REDIS`: URL of the cache storage (Redis)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SERVICE_MARKET_REDIS`: URL of the cache storage (Redis).
```

> - `EXCHANGERATESAPI_IO_API_KEY`: Access key to fetch data from the exchangeratesapi.io API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `EXCHANGERATESAPI_IO_API_KEY`: Access key to fetch data from the exchangeratesapi.io API.
```
